Mysterious Button
You have decided to earn coins in a dungeon located on the outskirts of the town. This dungeon has N rooms numbered from 1 to N. In addition, there are mysterious buttons called "coin button", "escape button", and "warp button" in the dungeon. The details of each button are as follows.
A coin button exists exactly once in each room. The coin button can be pressed any number of times, and each time a coin is obtained.
An escape button exists exactly once in each room. When you press the escape button, you will immediately escape from the dungeon and end this adventure.
There are a total of M warp buttons. The i-th warp button exists in room ai, and when pressed, you will warp to room bi and obtain ci coins. However, ai < bi and 1 ≤ ci ≤ 3. Note that there may be multiple warp buttons in one room or there may be no warp buttons in some rooms.
Note that it is not possible to move between rooms in any way other than pressing a button, and it is not possible to press multiple buttons at the same time. Also, all buttons are distinguishable from each other.
You have adventured in this dungeon Q times. If your memory is correct, the adventure for the j-th time started from room 1, ended with pressing the escape button in room dj, and obtained exactly ej coins. For each of the Q adventures, find the number of ways to press the buttons so that you get the specified number of coins. Since the answer may be large, output the remainder when the answer is divided by 109+7.
Here, two "ways to press buttons" are considered different if the total number of times the buttons are pressed is different, or if there exists an integer k such that the button pressed at the k-th time is different.
It may be the case that your memory is incorrect and there is no way to press the buttons as described. In that case, output 0.
Input
The input consists of multiple datasets. Each dataset is given in the following format.
N M
a1 b1 c1
a2 b2 c2
...
aM bM cM
Q
d1 e1
d2 e2
...
dQ eQ
The first line of each dataset contains two integers N and M representing the number of rooms and the number of warp buttons, respectively, where 1 ≤ N, M ≤ 2 000. The next M lines specify the warp buttons. The i-th line