 Flick Input 
 A: Flick Input 
2D-kun, a college student who loves 2D, also known as "2D" bought a smartphone to replace the Galapagos mobile phone that he had been using for years. When 2D-kun operated a smartphone for the first time, he noticed that the method of character input was a little different from that of the old mobile phone. The smartphone used a method called "flick input", which takes advantage of the ability to touch and flick the screen. Flick input is a character input method shown below.
In flick input, input is performed using ten buttons, 0-9, as shown in Figure A (a) (Note that "#" and "*" have been omitted this time). Each button is assigned one character from the "A-row" to the "Wa-row", as shown in the figure.
Figure A: Smartphone button details
One button can be operated in the manner shown in Figure A (b). That is,
 If you just "touch" the button, the corresponding "A-row" character will be output.
 If you "flick to the left", the "I-row" will be output.
 If you "flick upwards", the "U-row" will be output.
 If you "flick to the right", the "E-row" will be output.
 If you "flick down", the "O-row" will be output.
This is how flick input works for all buttons, as shown in Figure A (c). Note that to output "n", you must flick button 0 upward.
Your task is to find the string of characters that will be output by the operation represented by the string of characters representing the flick input.
 Input 
A string representing the flick input operation is given on one line (2 to 1,000 characters in length). This string consists of a combination of '0'-'9' digits representing the button to be operated, and five types of characters 'T', 'L', 'U', 'R', and 'D' representing the flick direction.
The characters representing the flick directions have the following meanings.
 'T': just touch
 'L': flick to the left
 'U': flick upwards
 'R': flick to the right
 'D': flick downwards
For example, "2D" represents the operation of "flicking button 2 downward", so "ko" can be output.
The string given starts with a single digit and ends with a character representing the flick direction. Furthermore, it is guaranteed that no flick is made towards a place where there is no character (there is no input such as "8L" in Figure A (c)).
 Output 
Output a string representing the result of the flick input operation in Roman letters. 
For the consonants in Roman letters,
 ka-row: 'k'
 sa-row: 's'
 ta-row: 't'
 na-row: 'n'
 ha-row: 'h'
 ma-row: 'm'
 ya-row: 'y'
 ra-row: 'r'
 wa-row: 'w'
should be used. The Roman letters representing one hiragana character consist of a set of consonants and vowels ('a', 'i', 'u', 'e', 'o') and are output in two characters. "Shi" and "fu" violate this condition and are therefore incorrect. However, for the "A-row" characters, only one vowel should be output, and "n" should be output twice as "nn".
Output a newline character at the end of the string.
 Sample Input 1 
5R2D
 Sample Output 1 
neko
 Sample Input 2 
8U9U6U0T
 Sample Output 2 
yuruhuwa
 Sample Input 3 
9L4U7R1L2D0U4R3U4D
 Sample Output 3 
ritumeikonntesuto
